# ETL Tools for Data Engineering 

λ-Sim is a tool that converts simulation models into REST APIs. FMIFlux.jl is a free-to-use software library, which offers the ability to place FMUs (fmi-standard.org) everywhere inside of your ML topologies. Kaitai Struct is a domain-specific language. OWL is a cutting-edge framework for multi-agent collaboration. PyAutoGUI is a cross-platform GUI automation. Spring Cloud Kubernetes. Spring Cloud Stream. Spring HATEOAS. Sailfish is a test automation tool. Pulsar is a distributed pub-sub messaging platform. Apache Fory is a blazingly-fast multi-language serialization framework. Pentaho Data Integration (ETL) a.k.a Kettle. Tridion Open Data Framework. Apache DolphinScheduler is the modern data orchestration platform. Spring Batch is a framework for writing batch applications. Apache NiFi is a visual data flow based system. Apache Camel is an open source integration framework. n8n is a workflow automation platform. Oryx 2 lambda architecture on Apache Spark, Kafka for real-time large scale machine learning. Babelfish provides the capability for PostgreSQL to work with applications written for MSSQL. DuckDB is an analytical in-process SQL database management system. SQLines Database Migration Tools. Obevo is a database deployment tool. Flyway is a database-migration tool. Bytebase is an open-source database DevOps tool. Apache Beam is a unified model for defining both batch and streaming data-parallel processing pipelines. Apache SeaweedFS is a fast distributed storage system. Airbyte is a data integration platform. OpenWhisk is a serverless functions platform. Apache Paimon is a lake format. Dremio is the Agentic Lakehouse. Hermes is an asynchronous message broker. Delta Lake is an open-source storage framework. MinIO is a high-performance, S3 compatible object store. The Apache Hive data warehouse software facilitates reading, writing, and managing large datasets residing in distributed storage using SQL. Robot Framework is a generic open source automation framework

The directory structure includes a specific folder for each phase of development and engineering programs:

- __MBSE__: The root folder Arcadia (ARChitecture Analysis and Design Integrated Approach) is a method of tools dedicated to systems engineering and architecture, supported by the Capella modeling tool.    
  - __CAD__: For computer-aided design.
  - __CAM__: Dedicated to the part manufacturing and assembly process.
  - __CAS__: For simulation of end-to-end functionality and performance analysis.
